#Guessing Game
First project of the class.

###Requirements
1.	**Main Menu** <br />
Should display a menu that is something similar to:
  ```
Guessing Game

1.	Beginner Level (numbers between 1 and 10)
2.	Intermediate Level (numbers between 1 and 100)
3.	Advanced Level (numbers between 1 and 1,000)
4.	Expert Level (numbers between 1 and 10,000)

Type the number corresponding to the level you want to play:
  ```

2.	**Read the users input from the keyboard.** <br />
    If the user entered an invalid number, send an error message to the screen and again prompt the user to select the level of play. The game should only begin when the user has typed a valid level (1 through 4).


3.	**Your program will then generate a random number** based on the range of values for the level of play the user selected. This number should remain hidden from the user.


4.	Play the game.
  *	Prompt the user to guess the number and read the user’s guess from the keyboard.
  *	Keep track of how many times the user had to guess to find the number generated by the program.
  *	If the user’s guess is correct, congratulate the user, and display how many guesses it took the user to find the number.
  *	If the user’s guess is wrong, inform the user that the guess was either *too high* or *too low*.
Again prompt the user to guess the number and read the user’s guess from the keyboard.


###Enhancements:
(Note: Each enhancement can be a new project.)

1.	When the game is over, ask the user if they want to **play again.** If the user wishes to play again, start a **new game at the same level** as the previous game.

2.	**Store the results for each game (number of guesses needed) into an array of ints.** When the user no longer wishes to play again, display the results of all the games.

3.	**Each time that the user asks to play again, allow the user to select the level of play. You will them need to store the results into a two-dimensional array of ints.** You will thus be able to display the results by game level for each game played.
